c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\DictionaryUk.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\DictionaryUk.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\DictionaryUk.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\DictionaryUk.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\Translator.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DictionaryUk\DictionaryUk\obj\Debug\Translator.baml
